add "actions" to major mode bindings (#41)
VSpaceCode/vspacecode.github.io: docs/conventions.md

| window | editor group |
| frame  | window       |

> ## Common major mode key bindings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Common Major Mode Key Bindings
```
nit

> The following formatting bindings should be offered in all major modes, i.e. `<spc> m`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following formatting bindings should be offered in all major modes that uses language server protocol.
```
Nit: Not sure if we need to mention it or not. I am thinking some major mode does not need these e.g. markdown.
